feat(checkhealth): support Lua healthchecks (#15259)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/pi_health.txt

To run the healthchecks, use this command: >

> :checkhealth

Reviewer: Why is the indentation removed?

					*:checkhealth* *:CheckHealth*
:checkhealth          Run all healthchecks.
					*E5009*
		Nvim depends on |$VIMRUNTIME|, 'runtimepath' and 'packpath' to
		find the standard "runtime files" for syntax highlighting,
		filetype-specific behavior, and standard plugins (including
		:checkhealth).  If the runtime files cannot be found then

> 		those features will not work.

Reviewer 2: please do NOT convert Nvim-owned helpfiles to tabs.

	you want different sections to appear in your report, call this once
	per section.

health.report_info({msg})				*health.report_info()*
	Reports an informational message.

health.report_ok({msg})					*health.report_ok()*
	Reports a "success" message.

health.report_warn({msg} [, {advice}])			*health.report_warn()*
	Reports a warning. {advice} is an optional List of suggestions.

health.report_error({msg} [, {advice}])			*health.report_error()*
	Reports an error. {advice} is an optional List of suggestions.

==============================================================================
Create a Lua healthcheck		*health-dev-lua*

Healthchecks are functions that check the user environment, configuration,
etc. Nvim has built-in healthchecks in $VIMRUNTIME/autoload/health/.

To add a new healthcheck for your own plugin, simply define a Lua module in
your plugin that returns a table with a "check()" function. |:checkhealth|
will automatically find and invoke this function.

If your plugin is named "foo", then its healthcheck module should be a file in
one of these locations on 'runtimepath' or 'packpath':
	- `lua/foo/health/init.lua`

> 	- `lua/foo/health.lua`

Reviewer 2: do not over-use backticks. They make it less convenient to copy-paste the names. Also the highlighting draws attention to stuff that often is not very important. Why highlight these filenames?

					*:checkhealth* *:CheckHealth*
:checkhealth          Run all healthchecks.
					*E5009*
		Nvim depends on |$VIMRUNTIME| and 'runtimepath' to find the
		standard "runtime files" for syntax highlighting,
		filetype-specific behavior, and standard plugins (including
		:checkhealth).  If the runtime files cannot be found then
		those features will not work.

:checkhealth {plugins}
		Run healthcheck(s) for one or more plugins. E.g. to run only
		the standard Nvim healthcheck: >
			:checkhealth nvim
<
		To run the healthchecks for the "foo" and "bar" plugins
		(assuming these plugins are on your 'runtimepath' and they
		have implemented the Lua or Vimscript interface
		require("foo.health").check() and health#bar#check(),
		respectively): >
			:checkhealth foo bar
<
		To run healthchecks for lua submodules, use dot notation or
		"*" to refer to all submodules. For example nvim provides
		`vim.lsp` and `vim.treesitter`  >
			:checkhealth vim.lsp vim.treesitter
			:checkhealth vim*
<
==============================================================================
Lua Functions				*health-functions-lua* *health-lua*

> health.vim Lua functions are for creating new healthchecks. They mostly just
> do some layout and formatting, to give users a consistent presentation. See
> also |health-functions-vim|
> 
> The Lua health module provides the functions:  >
> 	local health = require('health')
> <

Reviewer: I don't think you need the "mostly just do some layout and formatting" part. If the role of the functions changes in the future then this becomes stale.

```suggestion
The Lua "health" module can be used to create new healthchecks (see also
|health-functions-vim|). To get started, simply use:  >
	local health = require('health')
<
```

health.report_start({name})				*health.report_start()*
	Starts a new report. Most plugins should call this only once, but if
	you want different sections to appear in your report, call this once
	per section.

health.report_info({msg})				*health.report_info()*
	Reports an informational message.

health.report_ok({msg})					*health.report_ok()*
	Reports a "success" message.

health.report_warn({msg} [, {advice}])			*health.report_warn()*
	Reports a warning. {advice} is an optional List of suggestions.

health.report_error({msg} [, {advice}])			*health.report_error()*
	Reports an error. {advice} is an optional List of suggestions.

==============================================================================
Create a Lua healthcheck		*health-dev-lua*

Healthchecks are functions that check the user environment, configuration,
etc. Nvim has built-in healthchecks in $VIMRUNTIME/autoload/health/.

> To add a new healthcheck for your own plugin, simply define a Lua module in
> your plugin that returns a table with a function check(), |:checkhealth|
> automatically finds and invokes such modules function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new healthcheck for your own plugin, simply define a Lua module in
your plugin that returns a table with a "check()" function. |:checkhealth|
will automatically find and invoke this function.
```

If your plugin is named "foo", then its healthcheck module should be a file in

> one of this locations on the 'runtimepath':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one of these locations on 'runtimepath':
```

	- `lua/foo/health/init.lua`
	- `lua/foo/health.lua`

> If your plugin provides a submodule named "bar" and you want to have a separate
> checkhealth for it you can define the healthcheck at one of this locations also
> on the 'runtimepath':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your plugin provides a submodule named "bar" for which you want a separate
healthcheck, define the healthcheck at one of these locations on 'runtimepath':
```

	- `lua/foo/bar/health/init.lua`
	- `lua/foo/bar/health.lua`

> All submodules should return a Lua table containing the method `check()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All submodules should return a Lua table containing the method `check()`.
```

> Copy this sample code into `lua/foo/health/init.lua` or `lua/foo/health.lua`
> replacing "foo" in the path with your plugin name: >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy this sample code into `lua/foo/health/init.lua` or `lua/foo/health.lua`,
replacing "foo" in the path with your plugin name: >
```

	local M = {}
	local health = require("health")

	M.check = function()
	  health.report_start("my_plugin report")
	  -- make sure setup function parameters are ok
	  if check_setup() then
	    health.report_ok("Setup function is correct")
	  else
	    health.report_error("Setup function is incorrect")
	  end
	  -- do some more checking
	  -- ...
	end

	return M

==============================================================================
Vimscript Functions		*health-functions-vimscript* *health-vimscript*

health.vim functions are for creating new healthchecks. They mostly just do
some layout and formatting, to give users a consistent presentation. See also

> |health-functions-lua|

Reviewer: Same comment as above, I don't think we need to mention that these functions just do layout and formatting. It's not relevant to the user.

                        :checkhealth nvim
<                      To run the healthchecks for the "foo" and "bar" plugins
                      (assuming these plugins are on your 'runtimepath' and
                      they have implemented the Lua or Vimscript interface
                      require("foo.health").check()
                      and health#bar#check(), respectively): >
                        :checkhealth foo bar
<
                      To run healthcheck for lua submodules, for example nvim
                      provides `vim.lsp`  or `vim.treesitter` it also accpets an
                      "*" for all the submodules:  >
                        :checkhealth vim.lsp vim.treesitter
                        :checkhealth vim*
<
==============================================================================
Functions				*health-functions-lua*

> health.vim lua functions are for creating new healthchecks. They mostly just

Reviewer: Treat `Lua` as a proper noun (i.e. capitalize the first letter).

do some layout and formatting, to give users a consistent presentation. See
also |health-functions-vim|

Lua					|health-lua|

> The lua health module provides the functions:
> 
>   `local health = require('health')`
> 

Reviewer: Literal blocks in help syntax are used like this:

```suggestion
The lua health module provides the functions: >
    local health = require('health')
<
```

health.report_start({name})				*health.report_start()*
	Starts a new report. Most plugins should call this only once, but if
        you want different sections to appear in your report, call this once

>         per section.

Reviewer: Use hard tabs for indentation in help docs (the help file should have a modeline already with something like `noet ts=8 sw=0 tw=78 ft=help`, feel free to add it if it doesn't exist)

Author: I went ahead and changed all the indentation for tabs! thanks for the review.

health.report_info({msg})				*health.report_info()*
	Reports an informational message.

health.report_ok({msg})					*health.report_ok()*
	Reports a "success" message.

> health.report_warn({msg}, [{advice}])			*health.report_warn()*

Reviewer: For optional arguments include the `,` in the brackets:
```suggestion
health.report_warn({msg}[, {advice}])			*health.report_warn()*
```
